Check broken links (#4)
christinerose/ocaml.org: data/releases/4.04.0.md

notes](https://v2.ocaml.org/releases/4.04/notes/README.win32.adoc).

- [Cygwin-based native Win32

>   port](http://protz.github.com/ocaml-installer/ - [404 Not Found]). A self

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  port](https://v2.ocaml.org/learn/portability.html). A self
```

* [Js_of_ocaml](http://ocsigen.org/js_of_ocaml/) is a stable OCaml
  to JavaScript compiler.

> * [Bucklescript](http://bucklescript.github.io/bucklescript/ - [404 Not Found]) is a newer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [BuckleScript](https://rescript-lang.org/blog/bucklescript-is-rebranding) is a newer
```
